Speak up.
I want to know
what your ultimate dream is.
That is a student's
primary duty here, after all.
For the moment,
why don't you make it
your objective to become a Bet?
I shall wait for you
to stand by me. Sound good?
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves and spoils Iruma
and is even sending him
to the most prestigious school
in the land.
But there's just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever
let them find out I'm human
or I'm gonna get eaten for sure.
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"Iruma's Decision
and Hard Work."
What?
So, you want to climb the ranks?
[IRUMA]
Yeah. Exactly.
For now, all I wanna do
is climb from Alef to Bet.
If you don't mind,
I was hoping you'd be willing
to show me how to do that.
[gasps] Wha...
Azz?
[ASMODEUS] I almost thought
Master Iruma had no interest
in rising in the ranks,
but I knew it must've been
secretly eating away at him.
[gulps] What's wrong?
[ASMODEUS]
And why wouldn't it be?
Master Iruma did something
as unprecedented as making
the Guardian of Cutthroat Valley
his pet,
yet his rank was immeasurable.
He obviously can't be ranked
on the same scale
as the rest of us demons,
but that's no reason
to place him
at the lowest rank of Alef.
Believe me,
when you were ranked an Alef,
I was just as displeased
and confused, as well.
I was becoming numb
from all of our
degenerate classmates
who lack ambition,
but moving up the ranks
is a demon's pure pride.
Let's get you to the top.
Now, it's time to prepare.
Uh, yeah, sure.
Prepare for what?
-[ASMODEUS] What else?!
-[BOTH gasp]
For Master Iruma to quickly soar
to the highest rank of Yodh,
and then reign over
the entirety of Babyls!
[BOTH]
Wha...
-[BOY 1] What the what?
-[BOY 2] That's crazy ambitious!
[BOY 3] Another legend's
about to be born!
I have no doubt Iruma can do it.
Promotion, please.
[COME-COME]
No, go away.
Um, hey, Azz,
I'm totally fine
with just getting to Bet rank.
Huh? What? But I thought...
[gasps]
Nay, this is Master Iruma
we're talking about.
I'm sure he has
some profound reason
my feeble little mind
could never even fathom.
I apologize for
my deplorable presumptuousness.
Uh, don't worry about it.
I just don't want to stand out!
Now, Master Iruma
will prepare to rise up
to the perfectly
respectable rank of Bet.
Make way!
[BOY 1]
Really, just Bet?
[BOY 2]
Well, that's not very ambitious.
[BOY 3] Who cares?
This is gonna be crazy.
[BOY 4]
I'm devi psyched for it.
Oh. what should I do?
If Iruma goes up to Bet,
then the two of us
won't be the same rank anymore.
Well, you could try
to moving up, too, you know.
[grunts]
[LEAD]
Hmm.
That sounds like fun.
Now, let us go quickly,
Iruma sir.
-[IRUMA] Uh, sure.
-[CLARA] Wait, wait.
-[ASMODEUS] Hmm?
-[IRUMA] Huh?
[COME-COME]
Take her.
[CLARA]
Yeah, take me away.
Come on, do it. Do it!
[IRUMA]
Hey, uh, where are we?
[ASMODEUS] This is
Babyls' underground gym.
Oh, wow. I never knew
an insane place like this
was sitting
under our classrooms.
I'm blown away.
It's huge!
Hey Connor. Hey, Murf.
You can run around
all you want down here.
-And I'm rolling-g-g-g!
-[IRUMA gasps]
But they're not
doing the running.
She vexes me so.
Now, then.
There is currently but one way
for you to go up a rank, sir.
And that is to get good marks
on the periodic promotion exams
we have in class.
So we've got our work
cut out for us.
Promotion?
Exams?
That's right, and the next one
is only a week away.
And the ability
we'll be tested on is...
execution cannonball.
-Execution?
-Cannibals?
Cannonball!
Can't you even
at least pretend to try?
Execution cannonball
was once used as a test
to repress a sudden outbreak
of demons
battling over
their territories.
It was nothing short
of a total massacre.
We used weapons called caimans.
When they bit down
on their prey,
they wouldn't let go until
only bloody shreds were left.
[growling]
The first of them to enter
their enemy's castle
and eliminate everyone inside
would emerge victorious.
[gasps] That's horrifying.
Indeed. But due to
the high casualties...
[IRUMA gasps]
...we simply use this ball now
in lieu of caimans.
It's safer.
-That's doable.
-[chuckles]
[ASMODEUS]
And to conserve time and money,
we now use these territories
marked by lines
instead of castles.
Super effective.
Those who are hit
must move to the sidelines.
[IRUMA]
Makes sense.
Let's get this thing started.
But even from the sidelines
you can come back in
as soon as you hit
an enemy with the ball.
Valac, you conjure up
the cursed puppets
so we can have enough players.
You got it.
[PUPPET 1]
Cursed.
-[PUPPET 2] Cursed.
-[PUPPET 3] Cursed.
-[PUPPET 4] Cursed!
-[PUPPET 5] Cursed!
[PUPPETS in unison]
Cursed!
Alright, practice begins now.
Okay!
[CLARA]
Yay! Bring it!
[IRUMA]
Whoa!
[PUPPETS]
Cursed. Cursed. Cursed.
-[CLARA chuckles]
-[PUPPET 1] Cursed!
[PUPPET 2]
Cursed!
[PUPPET 3]
Cursed. Cursed.
-[ASMODEUS] Here I go.
-[PUPPET 4] Cursed.
-[CLARA] Come on.
-[PUPPET 5] Cursed.
-[IRUMA] Yay!
-[PUPPET 1] Cursed.
-[laughs]
-[PUPPETS] Cursed. Cursed.
This is just dodgeball!
I sort of pieced it together
during the rundown, but...
-[PUPPET] Cursed?
-What, is something wrong?
I can't drop my guard!
Then again, the netherworld
can be pretty laid-back.
If we're just
playing dodgeball, even I...
[whimpers]
[groans in fear]
[gasps] Sabnock? What?
[SABNOCK] A death battle
to climb the ranks.
Thou did not disappoint.
[JAZZ]
Oh, there you are.
We're bored, so how 'bout
letting us play, too?
[BOTH]
Let's play. Let us play.
[SCHNEIDER] Harmony is
the greatest of virtues.
This is such an annoying pain.
[IRUMA]
Guys!
Ha, ha! Get ready
for maximum merriment!
[GOEMON]
Huh.
Special technique...
Wind-Sword Kill.
♪
[whimpers]
[yawns]
[shrieks]
[groans]
[grunts]
So loud.
I'm not done yet.
Take this and this and this!
Check it out,
that guy is a beast.
-You boys want candies?
-Huh?
[IRUMA]
This isn't laid-back at all.
I'll be waiting, alright?
[IRUMA]
Ameri, I'm sorry.
I can't climb the ranks,
not like this.
No. Training won't exactly
help me out here.
Did you say "training,"
Iruma sir?
-Huh?
-You must want to train.
Um, actually...
There is the possibility
that you'll attain
an immeasurable rank again,
Master Iruma.
We need to be extra careful.
But I'm concerned I won't be
a substantial enough opponent
for your training.
Why don't you discuss
this matter with someone
who's already in possession
of a much higher rank?
[IRUMA]
Yeah, but who do you mean?
[ASMODEUS]
Well, it's someone
you're quite familiar with,
Master Iruma.
Is it really?
♪
[SULLIVAN]
I see now.
If you please,
and don't mince words,
tell me more
about this training.
[thunder cracks]
♪
Where the hell
did those little heathens go?
[thunder cracks]
♪
[evil laughter]
[NARRATOR]
Friend or foe,
Iruma's completely
surrounded by demons.
The difference in strength
between Iruma and the others
is beyond evident.
[IRUMA] There's nothing else
I can possibly do
about this right now, so...
I just wanted to thank you
for training me, chair demon.
How many times must I tell you?
You're supposed to call me
Grandpa outside of school.
Why do you think
we bothered coming
all the way back home
to do this, my boy?
Oh. I... My mistake.
I thought
we came home to train.
Okay, let's give it
a light throw, how about that?
Aim for that rock.
Uh, that looks pretty far.
I'm really bad at these things.
Oh, you'll be fine
as long as you do just as I say.
Stand just a little bit wider.
Uh, is this right?
Yes, perfect.
Also, don't stiffen
your right arm too much.
[IRUMA]
Oh. Okay.
[SULLIVAN]
Now, give it a hurl.
[IRUMA] I was imagining some
crazy, unorthodox technique,
but this is basically
just regular dodgeball.
Huh. Okay, I'll give it a shot.
Oh, and when you throw, yell,
"Li-be-ra."
[IRUMA]
Wait, what?
And, Li-be-ra!
[grunts]
[roars]
-[SULLIVAN] Whoo!
-[IRUMA gasps]
[SULLIVAN]
Well done.
You'll annihilate them,
no doubt.
Training is over.
This is a terrible mistake.
I can't use magic!
Aw, but why not? It's so easy.
-[IRUMA] Um...
-[SULLIVAN] Hmm?
Well, what I mean is,
I would be using your power.
I can't cheat.
It's important that I find a way
to do this on my own.
So no magic.
[SULLIVAN sighs]
[chuckles]
Admirable, but that will put you
at a distinct disadvantage.
Therefore, child...
[IRUMA gasps]
I just strengthened
your hands a little bit.
That way, you can
at least catch any ball
a demon might throw at you.
I'm a firm believer in
a level playing field, you see.
Thank you, Grandpa.
[camera shutter clicks]
[SULLIVAN]
Wholesome.
[shuddering]
Are... you okay?
[SULLIVAN] I'm saving that image
to my heart's memory.
I need to make sure
I put a file lock on it.
Memo. A lock? Hang on.
Thank you, Grandpa.
Devi, devi, devi.
-Okay, I'll be going now.
-Huh?
And don't you worry
about anything.
If you really want to train
without using magic,
I know of a much
better teacher for you.
Hmm? [gasps]
From here on out I shall be
taking over your mentorship.
[IRUMA]
Opera?
Okay. I'll leave
the rest up to you.
Make me proud, now.
[IRUMA'S VOICE]
Thank you, Grandpa.
[IRUMA grunts]
Okay, let's begin.
[IRUMA]
Wait!
Hang on!
Give me a second!
Time stops for no one.
[BAT grunts]
Hold up!
Wait!
I'm begging you!
Opera!
[gasps] Why?!
[panting]
[OPERA]
As I thought,
you are a true master
of evasion, young Iruma.
But if you want
to move up the ranks,
you have to do more than that,
you must actually be able
to hit your foe.
[IRUMA]
Oh.
[panting]
Is that all?
Correct.
[grunts]
First, let's try
catching a ball.
As much as this pains me,
I'm going to keep throwing them.
[screams] Wait! This is crazy!
Oh, this pains me so.
There's no expression
on your face whatsoever!
[OPERA] I'm doing this so you
don't get hurt in a real match.
And if you truly wish
to ascend to a higher rank,
it will mean even more
stringent guidance drills.
-[IRUMA groaning]
-Prepare yourself accordingly.
[IRUMA screams]
[BATS screech]
That'll be all for today.
Okay.
Catch this.
But how?
[chimes]
[ASMODEUS] Iruma sir,
how goes your training?
Please allow me
to offer my support.
We're friends, after all.
No need to reply.
I'm just honored
you read my messages.
[CLARA] Go, go, Iruma-kins.
Devi, devi, go, go.
[ASMODEUS]
Even here you interrupt me?
-[CLARA] Devi, devi, go, go.
-[IRUMA] Azz and Clara, too.
[ASMODEUS]
I said, listen.
[IRUMA]
Thank you.
Oh, yeah, I should probably
report back to Ameri, too.
Iruma sir.
Fight, fight, fight!
Today we shall continue
our catching lessons.
[IRUMA]
Right.
[grunts nervously]
[OPERA] Whenever the ball
is about to hit your face,
I will stop it like so.
Rather than dodging it,
try to catch it.
Okay.
[screaming]
Sorry. I don't mean to,
my body has a mind of its own.
[OPERA]
Please listen.
You have to keep
your eye on the ball
and truly concentrate.
Now let's try it again,
Iruma sir.
Okay.
One, two, catch!
[IRUMA] Just keep
my eyes on the... ball.
[screams]
Now grab it, quickly.
[yells]
I can't.
Iruma sir!
Come on.
[grunts] Hmph!
[yells]
[BOTH gasp]
[OPERA]
That's the spirit.
Ground your lower body
and focus harder.
Got it.
[AMERI]
Iruma has begun his training.
So we'll have to put the reading
of the forbidden texts on hold.
It's inevitable.
I shall wait until
his exam is complete.
Good luck, Iruma.
-Do your best.
-[grunting]
Yes, strengthen those muscles.
You can do it.
Come on, fight.
[grunting]
-[groans]
-You got this, Iruma-kins!
Lift me up, higher.
Will you stop interfering?
[panting]
[OPERA]
Faster, move it.
[IRUMA]
Catch.
[panting continues]
♪
-[ASMODEUS] Iruma sir.
-Huh?
Some water.
Azz, thanks a lot.
Here's more food, keep eating.
I see your appetite
is still healthy.
I guess so.
-[IRUMA gasps]
-[gasps sharply]
Iruma sir! Your hand.
Oh, it's wounded
so grievously!
Yeah. The ball will
actually hit my hands
about half the time now.
[ASMODEUS]
Hmm.
Also, I think I'm finally
starting to recognize
all of Opera's
different moods.
When their kitty ears droop,
they're in a bad mood.
When the ears are pointed up,
they're in a good mood.
-Wow.
-Interesting.
[humming]
Catch it. Catch it.
He's amazing, isn't he?
Demons usually bore easily.
-[ASMODEUS] Indeed.
-Huh?
Master Iruma is...
uniquely eccentric.
Okay, back to training I go!
[ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
Yeah!
[CLARA]
Take that!
♪
[breathing heavily]
[SULLIVAN] He's clearly
worked hard again today.
So, how is the training going?
Do you think
he'll make it in time?
[OPERA] He still has yet
to catch the ball even once.
Oh, no! Is he going to succeed?
Will he be able to do it?
[OPERA]
However...
[SULLIVAN]
Hmm?
[OPERA]
He seems to be having
more and more fun every day.
Well, that's wonderful.
-[IRUMA panting]
-[heart thumps]
[OPERA]
The promotion exam is tomorrow.
Time to give it your all.
[grunts]
[IRUMA]
Just a little more.
[grunts]
-Iruma sir!
-Iruma-kins!
[heart thumps]
[grunts]
[IRUMA]
This is it.
Another one!
Here they come.
[grunts]
[IRUMA] Get down,
ground my lower body,
and then...
[grunts]
Keep your eyes on the ball.
[IRUMA]
Keep my eyes...
on the ball!
[BOTH gasp]
[heart thumps]
Make sure...
[chuckles softly]
...to watch the ball!
♪
[grunts]
[BOTH]
Oh! Wow!
[BOTH gasp]
Yes, I caught it!
That was splendid.
High five, high five, devi five!
[CLARA AND IRUMA]
Yay!
[ASMODEUS]
Hey, wait a minute.
Master Iruma's hands
are still gravely injured.
I'm fine.
Did you wanna try, too?
[ASMODEUS]
Oh, uh, may I?
[IRUMA chuckles]
Devi five. Devi five.
Devi five, five.
-Devi, devi, five, five.
-[OPERA] Let us continue
before this feeling wears off.
[IRUMA gasps]
After we've finished
our training,
I shall prepare a most
sumptuous dinner for you.
[gasps]
Okay.
♪
[SULLIVAN]
Looks like he's as ready
as he could possibly be.
[OPERA]
Yes.
♪
[CLARA AND IRUMA
breathing heavily]
Quite ready.
♪
Su-ki-ma. Su-ki-ma. Su-ki-ma!
Ameri, I'm so sorry
I haven't been able to read
"First Love Memories"
to you lately.
[AMERI] It's true I can't wait
to hear what happens next,
but I'd also like him
to take his training seriously
so he can ascend the ranks.
That's right. There was
a scene in the forbidden texts
where they spoke honestly
about their feelings.
I'll use that same method to
tell him how I'm truly feeling.
Iruma!
[IRUMA screams]
About our reading sessions...
So you are mad about it,
I was right.
[NARRATOR]
The wall slam has failed.
♪
[SULLIVAN]
You're working so hard, Iruma.
Grandpa's so happy.
By the way, I've been recording
all of your hard work,
so we'll have it forever.
I have all the latest tech,
and even 666K.
Maybe I'll surprise you
with this footage
when you get married someday.
Ooh!
Next time, "Fierce Battle,
Execution Cannonball."
Iruma, he's our guy.
Make those
devi dodgeballs fly.
♪